README.md, before:

# LDJAM57-Depths

Play on Newgrounds: https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/project/6589301  
Or play on Itch.io: https://alexclay.itch.io/shark-mayhem  

[Long Description]  
Unleash your inner shark in this hectic, adrenaline-charged game!  

Made in 3 days for Ludum Dare 57 Jam. Theme: Depths  

Ludum Dare 57 Jam Page: 
https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/57/shark-mayhem  

Full credits + Source code  
https://github.com/AlexisDrain/LDJAM57-Depths    

Controls:  
Move - WASD or arrow keys  
Dash - Left mouse click  
Pause - Escape or P  


-----------------


Full credits + Source code  
https://github.com/AlexisDrain/LDJAM57-Depths    

=== Credits ===  

A game by Alexis Clay  
https://alexclay.itch.io/  

Made in 3 days for Ludum Dare 57 Jam. Theme: Depths.  

No generative AI was used in the creation of this game.  

=== Tools ===  

Unity 6, Aseprite, ProBuilder, BFXR  

=== Music ===  

- Song 1 - CRM Sonic Field FULL Loop  
https://wowsound.com/our-music/tracks/crm-sonic-field-full-loop.aspx  

- Song 2 - NCRS 03 DESCENDING AIR CURRENT FULL Loop  
https://wowsound.com/our-music/tracks/ncrs-03-descending-air-current-full-loop.aspx  

=== SFX ===  

- UI buttons click SFX  
Halfquake 1 by Muddasheep: https://store.steampowered.com/app/644320/Halfquake_Trilogy/  

- UI buttons hover. General sound effects.  
BFXR https://www.bfxr.net/  

- Bite:  
Sonniss.com - GDC - Game Audio Bundle\Mattia Cellotto - Crunch Mode\Celery,Bite,Crunch,Slow,Bone,Break,Stick,Creak,Various07.wav  

- Helicopter  
Sonniss.com - GDC 2023 - Game Audio Bundle\InspectorJ - 96 General Library\AEROHeli_InsJ_Helicopter_Flyby_Close_03_Chinook.wav  

- Enemy spear weapon:  
Sonniss.com - GDC 2017 - Game Audio Bundle\Fascinated Sound - Scene Shop Tool Box\Impact Nail Gun 01 Single Shot Compressed Air and Action.wav  

- Water splash  
Sonniss.com - GDC 2020 - Game Audio Bundle\Bluezone - Splash\Bluezone_BC0256_water_splash_small_008.wav  
Sonniss.com - GDC - Game Audio Bundle\Soundopolis - Water 01\Water_Splash_SeaLion_Fienup_001.wav  

=== Font ===  

Bebas by Dharma Type  
https://www.dafont.com/bebas.font  
http://dharmatype.com  

LiberationSans by Red Hat - OFL  
https://www.dafont.com/liberation-sans.font

Commit message:

renamed game from Shark Mayhem to Wave 21

README.md, after:

# LDJAM57-Depths - Wave 21

Play on Newgrounds: https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/project/6589301  
Or play on Itch.io: https://alexclay.itch.io/wave-21  

[Long Description]  
Unleash your inner shark in this hectic, adrenaline-charged game!  
Can you survive all 21 waves?  

Made in 3 days for Ludum Dare 57 Jam. Theme: Depths  

Ludum Dare 57 Jam Page: 
https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/57/shark-mayhem  

Full credits + Source code  
https://github.com/AlexisDrain/LDJAM57-Depths    

Controls:  
Move - WASD or arrow keys  
Dash - Left mouse click  
Pause - Escape or P  


-----------------


Full credits + Source code  
https://github.com/AlexisDrain/LDJAM57-Depths    

=== Credits ===  

A game by Alexis Clay  
https://alexclay.itch.io/  

Made in 3 days for Ludum Dare 57 Jam. Theme: Depths.  

No generative AI was used in the creation of this game.  

=== Tools ===  

Unity 6, Aseprite, ProBuilder, BFXR  

=== Music ===  

- Song 1 - CRM Sonic Field FULL Loop  
https://wowsound.com/our-music/tracks/crm-sonic-field-full-loop.aspx  

- Song 2 - NCRS 03 DESCENDING AIR CURRENT FULL Loop  
https://wowsound.com/our-music/tracks/ncrs-03-descending-air-current-full-loop.aspx  

=== SFX ===  

- UI buttons click SFX  
Halfquake 1 by Muddasheep: https://store.steampowered.com/app/644320/Halfquake_Trilogy/  

- UI buttons hover. General sound effects.  
BFXR https://www.bfxr.net/  

- Bite:  
Sonniss.com - GDC - Game Audio Bundle\Mattia Cellotto - Crunch Mode\Celery,Bite,Crunch,Slow,Bone,Break,Stick,Creak,Various07.wav  

- Helicopter  
Sonniss.com - GDC 2023 - Game Audio Bundle\InspectorJ - 96 General Library\AEROHeli_InsJ_Helicopter_Flyby_Close_03_Chinook.wav  

- Enemy spear weapon:  
Sonniss.com - GDC 2017 - Game Audio Bundle\Fascinated Sound - Scene Shop Tool Box\Impact Nail Gun 01 Single Shot Compressed Air and Action.wav  

- Water splash  
Sonniss.com - GDC 2020 - Game Audio Bundle\Bluezone - Splash\Bluezone_BC0256_water_splash_small_008.wav  
Sonniss.com - GDC - Game Audio Bundle\Soundopolis - Water 01\Water_Splash_SeaLion_Fienup_001.wav  

=== Font ===  

Bebas by Dharma Type  
https://www.dafont.com/bebas.font  
http://dharmatype.com  

LiberationSans by Red Hat - OFL  
https://www.dafont.com/liberation-sans.font
